How are you
Oh, Mr. Gao!
This just finished eating well
Suddenly the brakes failed, are you alright?
It's a pity I didn't hit you, right?
If you don't find it, you can die.
Hey Shao Feng
Why are you here?
Ouch.
I heard you're a big boss now
Yes, Xiaotao
You hurry up
It's none of your business here.
I'll explain it to you later.
What are you afraid of? I'm at ease.
I didn't expect you to be a fart
Dare to oppose my Gao family in Binhai?
I threw them into the ocean to feed the sharks
Mr. Gao, you are so kind to sharks
Are you related to sharks?
Chen Xiaodao, you don't want to live anymore, do you?
It's Mr. Gao, your adult is not as good as a villain
I'll have a general knowledge of him, okay?
Get the hell out of here
I didn't expect to gather with me again and again
I have to make you look good today
Mr. Gao, as long as you promise not to pursue it again
I sold you your land
Now the small sale is gone